Improve searchability of wgpu 25 migration (#21163)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/wgpu_25.md

longer supported and must be explicitly typed like `const FOO: f32 = 1.0;`.

See the [full changelog here](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/blob/trunk/CHANGELOG.md#v2500-2025-04-10).

When migrating custom shaders, you may encounter panics like:

```raw

> 2025-09-14T14:40:30.518334Z ERROR wgpu::backend::wgpu_core: Handling wgpu errors as fatal by default
> 
> thread 'Async Compute Task Pool (0)' (945450) panicked at /home/hhh/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-1949cf8c6b5b557f/wgpu-26.0.1/src/backend/wgpu_core.rs:1327:26:

Reviewer: This is just noise

```suggestion
```

wgpu error: Validation Error

Caused by:
  In Device::create_render_pipeline, label = 'pbr_opaque_mesh_pipeline'
    Error matching ShaderStages(FRAGMENT) shader requirements against the pipeline
      Shader global ResourceBinding { group: 2, binding: 100 } is not available in the pipeline layout
        Binding is missing from the pipeline layout

note: run with `RUST_BACKTRACE=1` environment variable to display a backtrace
Encountered a panic in system `bevy_render::render_resource::pipeline_cache::PipelineCache::process_pipeline_queue_system`!
```

> Follow the advice above and fix your bindings to fix these problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is a result of Bevy's bind group indices changing. Identify the shader by searching for the group and binding mentioned, e.g. `@group(2) @binding(100)`, and follow the above advice to fix the binding group index.
```
